DOC-329: Improve documentation landing pages (#1109)
surrealdb/docs.surrealdb.com: src/content/doc-surrealdb/index.mdx

  }}
/>

SurrealDB is a [Multi-Model Database](/features/multi-model-database) that allows you to store and manage date in relational, document, graph, time-series, vector & search and key-value models in one place. 

> Unified by a Powerful SQL like query language [SurrealQL](/docs/surrealql), you can query SurrealDB in ways that are familiar to you, but with the power of a modern database. In addition, SurrealDB is designed to be [distributed](/docs/surrealdb/introduction/architecture) and [scalable](/docs/surrealdb/introduction/architecture), allowing you to build and scale your applications with ease.

Reviewer: question: not sure why powerful is capitalized.

> Unified by a Powerful SQL like query language [SurrealQL](/docs/surrealql), you can query SurrealDB in ways that are familiar to you, but with the power of a modern database. In addition, SurrealDB is designed to be [distributed](/docs/surrealdb/introduction/architecture) and [scalable](/docs/surrealdb/introduction/architecture), allowing you to build and scale your applications with ease.

Author: ```suggestion
Unified by a powerful SQL like query language [SurrealQL](/docs/surrealql), you can query SurrealDB in ways that are familiar to you, but with the power of a modern database. In addition, SurrealDB is designed to be [distributed](/docs/surrealdb/introduction/architecture) and [scalable](/docs/surrealdb/introduction/architecture), allowing you to build and scale your applications with ease.
```

> Also providing additonal query methods like [GraphQL](/docs/surrealdb/querying/graphql), [HTTP](/docs/surrealdb/integration/http) and [RPC](/docs/surrealdb/integration/rpc), you can also query SurrealDB in your native environments using [SDKs](/docs/surrealdb/integration/sdks), we support [JavaScript](/docs/sdk/javascript), [Python](/docs/sdk/python), [Go](/docs/sdk/golang), [Rust](/docs/sdk/rust), [Java](/docs/sdk/java) and [Dotnet](/docs/sdk/dotnet).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Also providing additional query methods like [GraphQL](/docs/surrealdb/querying/graphql), [HTTP](/docs/surrealdb/integration/http) and [RPC](/docs/surrealdb/integration/rpc), you can also query SurrealDB in your native environments using [SDKs](/docs/surrealdb/integration/sdks), we support [JavaScript](/docs/sdk/javascript), [Python](/docs/sdk/python), [Go](/docs/sdk/golang), [Rust](/docs/sdk/rust), [Java](/docs/sdk/java) and [C#](/docs/sdk/dotnet).
```

Reviewer 2: @Odonno Just curious, aren't F# developers able to write wrappers around C# libraries? I haven't touched F# for quite a while but I seem to remember reading that technically anything in C# can be used for other dotnet languages with a bit of work.

Reviewer: .NET indeed supports 3 languages: VB, C# and F#. VB is considered dead and almost never referenced. C# is the primary language while F# is loved by the community. It is technically true that it is possible to use C# libraries in an F# project but I believe that won't be fair to say it currently supports F# as it will miss important functional features.

Anyway, I changed the text because `dotnet` is not valid naming. Either use `.NET` or `C#`.

> We've included [demo dataset](/docs/surrealql/demo) which you can download and [<code>import</code> ](/docs/surrealdb/cli/import)into your SurrealDB instance.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
We've included a [demo dataset](/docs/surrealql/demo) which you can download and [<code>import</code> ](/docs/surrealdb/cli/import)into your SurrealDB instance.
```

        Get Started with SurrealDB →
    </a>
</div>

<div class="border-b border-border/40 my-8"></div>

<h2 class="text-4xl mt-10 font-thin">
    Getting Started
</h2>

<Boxes wider class="pt-2">
                    <IconBox
                        title="SurrealDB University"
                        description="Dive into our collection of recorded videos, live streams, and expert talks. Enhance your learning experience by accessing a variety of video content that covers essential SurrealDB topics and industry insights."
                        href="/learn"
                        icon={{ light: LightUniversity, dark: DarkUniversity }}
                    />
                    <IconBox
                        title="The SurrealDB Book"
                        description="Embark on a journey through the ins and outs of SurrealDB as you follow an immersive story crafted to make learning a new database feel as enjoyable as sitting back and watching your favourite movie."
                        href="/learn/book"
                        icon={{ light: LightBook, dark: DarkBook }}
                    />
                    <IconBox
                    title="Surreal Sidekick"

>                     description="Surreal Sidekick is your personal assistant that helps you learn SurrealDB by providing you with a set of questions and answers that cover SurrealDB, SurrealQL and all the other products we offer."

Reviewer 2: I think "a set of" makes it sound like Sidekick's answers are set in stone, how about this: "by generating answers to your questions covering SurrealDB, SurrealQL and all the other products we offer."

>                     description="Surreal Sidekick is your personal assistant that helps you learn SurrealDB by providing you with a set of questions and answers that cover SurrealDB, SurrealQL and all the other products we offer."

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
                    description="Surreal Sidekick is your personal assistant that helps you learn SurrealDB by generating answers to your questions covering SurrealDB, SurrealQL and all the other products we offer."
```

                        href="/docs/surrealdb/deployment"
                        icon={{ light: LightSidekick, dark: DarkSidekick }}
                    />
                    <IconBox
                        title="Embedding"
                        description="SurrealDB is designed to be run in many different ways, and environments. Due to the separation of the storage and compute layers, SurrealDB can be run in embedded mode, from within your environments."
                        href="/docs/surrealdb/embedding"
                        icon={{ light: LightSidekick, dark: DarkSidekick }}
                    />
                    <IconBox
                        title="CLI"
                        description="Learn about SurrealDB's command line interface (CLI) that allows you to interact with your database. You can use the CLI to create and manage databases, tables, and records, as well as to execute queries and perform other database operations."
                        href="/docs/surrealdb/cli"
                        icon={{ light: LightSidekick, dark: DarkSidekick }}
                    />
                    <IconBox
                        title="Reference guides"

>                         description="SurrealDB provides a variety of reference guides that cover a wide range of topics, from the basics of SurrealDB to more advanced concepts."

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
                        description="Explore a variety of reference guides that cover a wide range of topics, from the basics of SurrealDB to more advanced concepts."
```

Suggesting this to avoid the duplication of "SurrealDB" in a single sentence
